* This was the week when I actually started writing codes and implementing stuff. An assignment was alloted that contained problems regarding basic python and image processing techniques like filtering out the noise, K Means Clustering, Meam Filter etc.  
* I learned about various numpy library functionalities. I have made a file that contains some notes on Numpy Library, I am updating that on a regular basis now.  
* I learned the image processing techniques, though we didn't actually need to implement the techniques full-fledgedly but it was a great learning experience doing the assignment.  
* The solutions to the assignment problems that was uploaded by other teams and the mentors were a good source of learning for me. For the same problem, there were multiple solutions. Even if there were solutions following the same algorithm, the implemenetations were strikingly different that helped me understand efficient and quicker methods to solve the problem.  
* I acquired graph plotting skills using the matplot library.  
* To write shorter and faster codes, I used various numpy tools like slicing, strides etc.
* I got to know about the data structures and python provides and tried to use them as efficiently as possible to simplify the code.  
* My target for the assignment was not just solving problems but to make cleaner and efficient codes, codes that were easily readable. In one of the problems, I initially wrote a functional and correct code that was around 50 lines. But I kept on googling around and trying to figure out what can be used to make the code shorter and I succeeded in reducing the code to around 25 lines that is half the code length, so trying out such things wa really informative for me.
